---
description: >-
  Working in the field of communications, and participating in the evolution of
  technology that is making a difference in people’s lives, is what motivates
  George. His consultative selling and account management style sets even the
  most stressed-out CIO at ease. He is their trusted adviser, and also works on
  a daily basis with CEOs, CTOs, IT directors and IT managers from small and
  large companies to help them increase their business’ productivity.
dateModified: '2016-08-06T23:09:37.063Z'
datePublished: '2016-08-06T23:09:53.628Z'
title: About me.
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
starred: true
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-06-about-me.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
# About me.
![I am an expert in unified communications, a tech consultant and a sales closer for a top-rated VoIP provider.
I am enthusiastic and optimistic about technology. I am an avid reader, a great cook, and an engaged father.](https://the-grid-user-content.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/fd885e05-4574-4839-a512-9b21709c573e.jpg)

Working in the field of communications, and participating in the evolution of technology that is making a difference in people's lives, is what motivates George. His consultative selling and account management style sets even the most stressed-out CIO at ease. He is their trusted adviser, and also works on a daily basis with CEOs, CTOs, IT directors and IT managers from small and large companies to help them increase their business' productivity.

George's experience heading up his own company for many years gives him an in-depth understanding of what it's like to own and operate a company. With this knowledge in hand, he helps his customers with everything from the smallest details to very complex and customized unified communications solutions. These small and large technology solutions have included: business phone systems -- hosted and on-premise solutions using pure voice-over IP or local dial tone; unified communications; design and deployment of SMB networks; multiple location integration; Efax; contact center solutions; IP telephony consulting; video collaboration; CRM integration; predictive dialers; and more.

George's knowledge, skills and abilities include:

Ten years' direct sales experience in telecom, data networking, IT, VoIP, unified communications, and communications software

Proven ability to retain business and exceed revenue goals

Extensive product and software knowledge: MS Office, NetSuite, Salesforce.com, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Muse, Wireshark, plus Comptia Security+ and Astaro Certified Engineer certifications

Advanced communications skills; marketing; writing; and presentations